=head1 NAME

CHANGES Change log for SenseClusters

=head1 SYNOPSIS

CHANGES Revision history of SenseClusters

=head1 DESCRIPTION

=item 0.98

Released March 25, 2008 (All changes by TDP) 
This is a development release, meaning that "regular" users should 
still use 0.95, our last stable release

=over

=item 

Inserted a /t directory for 'make test'. This is just a stub to be built 
upon.

=item

Modified README.Toolkit to (hopefully) include links to source code 
documentation while displaying all the programs in a single page. This 
is intended to be our replacement for the HTML pages we no longer 
generate.

=item

Modified Makefile.PL to create man pages only of core SenseClusters
programs. Reduced the number of programs put into /bin as well, only
including core SenseClusters programs and those needed for testing.

=item

Modified /Testing script completely. Removed alltests.sh subtests.sh and 
the many normal-op.sh and error-op.sh scripts and replaced with a single 
script called ALL-TESTS.sh (using same name as NSP). Historically we've 
had some trouble with the test scripts not running due to file 
permissions and path issues, so I hope this fixes that once and for all. 
The test*.sh files in the subdirectories of /Testing are called directly 
via ALL-TESTS.sh using 'csh ./testA*.sh' after the script has changed to 
the current directory of the test script. This does not require that the 
scripts be executable and path issues are minimized. This also allows us 
to not install altests.sh and subtests.sh in /bin (which was our 
solution to path problems, but that seemed a bit extreme). 

=item

Added copyright information to .pl files in Web directory, also minimal 
perldoc.  

=item 

Added short labels to each of the programs in Toolkit, so that these 
descriptions appear in CPAN listing

=item

Removed HTML directory and support from /Docs, since we'll get nicely 
formatted documentation from CPAN. Removed /Docs, which has been 
replaced with /doc

=item 

Removed samples from /Docs for regex, stoplist, and token files, since 
those also exist in Demos

=item 

Added a directory /External that includes a modified form of the 
SVDPACKC program las2 that we use for SVD. This can be installed via a 
script External/install.sh that will also attempt to retrieve and 
install the Cluto programs scluster and vcluster.

=item 

Moved Docs/Flows to doc/Flowcharts, depricated flowchart.fig and .pdf in 
favor of more recent versions

=item

Moved INSTALL from top level to /doc and converted into pod.

=item 

Created doc directory which will be home of pod that is stored in top 
level in plain text form. /doc/update-pod.sh will be used to convert pod 
to plain text which should be considered read only. 

=item

Added stubs to /lib and /t to provide basic modular framework should we 
decided to develop modules in future

=item 

Moved current contents of Changes to /doc/Changelogs and then began a 
new file CHANGES.pod that will be used in future

=back

=item 0.96 

Released March 22, 2008 (All modifications by TDP)
This is a development release, meaning that "regular" users should 
still use 0.95, our last stable release

=over

=item 

version 0.95 uploaded to CPAN to see how indexing looked. not released 
on sourceforge or announced since strictly a development view.

=back

=over

=head1 AUTHORS

 Ted Pedersen, University of Minnesota, Duluth
 tpederse at d.umn.edu

This document last modified by :
$Id: CHANGES.pod,v 1.11 2008/03/25 03:25:05 tpederse Exp $

=head1 SEE ALSO

=head1 COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE

Copyright (c) 2004-2008 Ted Pedersen

Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document
under the terms of the GNU Free Documentation License, Version 1.2
or any later version published by the Free Software Foundation;
with no Invariant Sections, no Front-Cover Texts, and no Back-Cover
Texts.

Note: a copy of the GNU Free Documentation License is available on
the web at L<http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html> and is included in
this distribution as FDL.txt.

=cut

