=head1 NAME

README.Docs.pod

=head1 SYNOPSIS

Describes the contents of Docs/ directory.

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Docs/ directory contains -

=over

=item * Flows/

Contains Flowcharts that show the sequence of commands to run a complete 
discrimination experiment without using wrapper discriminate.pl

=item * HTML/

Contains script files that generate .html files for perldoc of .pl files 
of SenseClusters.

=item * token.regex

A sample token regex file containing Perl regex/s that specify the tokenization
scheme in Data.

=item * target.regex

A sample target regex file containing Perl regex/s that specify how to detect
the target word in the Data.

Note on the usage of token.regex and target.regex -

User is free to modify token.regex and target.regex files to provide their
data specific token and target matching expressions. Each expression should be
a valid Perl regular expression delimited within '/' (forward slashes). 
Multiple regexes can be either provided on separate lines (single regex on 
each line) as -

 /REGEX1/
 /REGEX2/
 /REGEX3/

or 
can be ORed as a single Perl regex - 

/(REGEX1)|(REGEX2)|(REGEX3)/

Programs that require such token and target definition files,

Have --token and --target options where user can supply these or similar regex 
files.

OR

by default, assume that these files reside in the same directory where the
programs are run and have same names (i.e. token.regex, target.regex etc).

We recommend that you modify our sample token.regex and target.regex files to
your token/target matching schemes and copy them to the directory where you 
run an experiment.

=item * stoplist

Sample stopfile to use with SenseClusters.

=item * FAQs.SC.pod

File containing frequently asked questions regarding SenseClusters' package and the answers.

=item * README.Docs.pod

This file.

=item * pod-template.pl [developers]

This file is meant for developers only. Users, please don't worry about this.
Developers, please use this file as a standard template for documenting 
your Perl programs with POD. So, when you want to add a new program to
SenseClusters, follow the format used in this file for documenting your code
so that the documentation of all programs looks similar. This will also
simplify your own job while creating html pages for program documentation
as can be found at - http://senseclusters.sourceforge.net/Docs.html

=item * Todo.SC.pod [developers]

File containing the ToDo list for SenseClusters.

=back

=head1 ACKNOWLEDGMENTS

This work has been partially supported by a National Science Foundation
Faculty Early CAREER Development award (Grant #0092784).

=cut
